(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS)
Subject 89P13. Calls itself "Rocket."
The result of illegal genetic
and cybernetic experiments
-on a lower life form.
-(SPITS)
Stop it!
Whoa, whoa, what are you doing?
This vermin speaks of affairs
he knows nothing about!
-That is true!
-He has no respect!
That is also true.
I didn't ask to get made!
I didn't ask to be torn apart,
and put back together, over and over
and turned into some... (INHALES)
Some little monster!
-Rocket, no one's calling you a monster.
-He called me "vermin"!
She called me "rodent"!
(SOBS)
(SNIFFS)
(ROCKET SIGHS)
Ain't no thing like me, except me.
(YELLING)
All right. All right. I'm sorry.
-(LAUGHS)
-No, wait!
What am I looking at?
PETER: Rocket has escaped 22 prisons.
Oh, we're getting out.
-Oh, yeah.
-That was a pretty good plan.
ROCKET: You got the orb, right?
GAMORA: Yes.
I can't believe you had that
in your purse!
It's not a purse, it's a knapsack!
We have to bring this to the Nova Corps.
ROCKET: Are you kidding me?
We're wanted by the Nova Corps.
Just give it to Ronan!
PETER: So he can destroy the galaxy?
ROCKET: Come on, Groot.
Ronan has the Stone.
I have a plan.
First of all, you're copying me from
when I said I had a plan.
I have part of a plan!
Rocket will lead a team to blow a hole
in the Dark Aster's starboard hull.
Quill! Yondu! Now!
Rocket, hurry!
Once Ronan is dead,
we will retrieve the Stone.
There's one more thing we need
to complete the plan.
That guy's eye.
No! No, we don't. No, we don't need
that guy's eye.
No, seriously, I need it!
It's important to me. (GIGGLES)
DRAX: What are they called again?
ROCKET: Anulax batteries.
Rocket, get it to look up.
Sovereign hired us to protect them.
They told me you people
were conceited douchebags.
But that isn't true at all.
That was meant to be behind your back.
This is weird. We've got a Sovereign fleet
approaching from the rear.
GAMORA: Why would they do that?
DRAX: Probably because Rocket stole
some of their batteries.
What were you thinking?
Dude, they were really easy to steal.
DRAX: To make it, you'd have to be
the greatest pilot in the universe.
-Lucky for us, I...
-I am.
PETER: What is your goal here?
To get everybody to hate you?
Because it's working.
YONDU: We've got ourselves
a pretty good little gig here.
This golden gal offered us a large sum
to deliver you and your pals over to her
because she wants to kill ya.
Lucky for you, my word don't mean squat.
-Rocket. Ego's unhinged.
-(GROANS)
So we're saving the galaxy again? Awesome.
Is that thing strong enough to kill Ego?
For the bomb to work,
we'd actually need
to place it on Ego's core.
All right, push this button.
Now whatever you do,
don't push this button
because that will set off
the bomb immediately
and we'll all be dead.
-I am Groot.
-No!
That's the button
that will kill everyone.
Whee!
We're all gonna die.
How long till the bomb goes off?
In the unlikely event that Groot doesn't
kill us all, about six minutes.
Get to the ship!
Not without you.
You need to give me this.
GAMORA: Rocket, where is he?
Rocket, look at me! Where is he?
YONDU: I know everything about you.
I know you play like you're
the meanest and the hardest,
but actually
you're the most scared of all.
ROCKET: Shut up!
YONDU: I know you push away
anyone who's willing to put up with you
'cause just a little bit of love
reminds you how big
and empty that hole inside you
actually is.
-I said shut up.
-I know them scientists
what made you never give
a rat's ass about you.
ROCKET: I'm serious.
YONDU: I know who you are, boy,
because you're me.
I am Groot.
What's that?
He says, "Welcome to the frickin'
Guardians of the Galaxy."
Only he didn't use "frickin'."
You seem like a noble leader. Will you
join me on my quest to Nidavellir?
Let me just ask the captain.
Oh, wait a second, it's me!
-Yeah, I'll go.
-Wonderful!
-Uh, except for that I'm the captain.
-THOR: Quiet.
PETER: For the record...
I know that you're going with him
because it's where Thanos isn't.
Rabbit, fire up the pod.
This Thanos we're talking about,
he's the toughest there is.
If I'm wrong, then...
what more could I lose?
I could lose a lot.
Me, personally, I could lose a lot.
(YELLS) Come and get some, space dogs!
Come on! Get some! Get some!
Come on! Get some!
-How much for the gun?
-Not for sale.
Okay. How much for the arm?
Oh, I'll get that arm.
When Thanos snapped his fingers,
I lost the only family I ever had.
Quill, Groot, Drax,
the chick with the antenna...
all gone.
-And you can help them.
-Okay.
I think we could bring them back.
ROCKET: You can do this.
Yes, I can.
Oh, yeah!
ROGERS: Whatever it takes.
BARTON: Whatever it takes.
Bucky's arm?
Merry Christmas.
You promise to bring that back
in one piece, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, I'll do my best.
As promises go,
that was pretty lame.